Requirement number 5
Title: List All Students

Description: Calculate tuition based on credit hours, Student Type, and Status.

Input: Selected student, number of credit hours.

Output: dialog displaying tuition cost calculated as follows:
~ Status of resident: undergraduate tuition = number of credit hours x 200
~ Status of nonresident: undergraduate tuition = number of credit hours x 400
~ Status of resident: undergraduate part time = number of credit hours x 250
Status of nonresident: undergraduate part time = number of credit hours x
450
~ Status of resident: graduate = number of credit hours x 300
~ Status of nonresident: graduate = number of credit hours x 350



Requirement number 3:
Title: Update Student

Description: Student Admin will update currently selected student, and the updated information will be saved to registrar database Student table.

Input: Selected student will be either Graduate, Undergraduate, or Part-time.
Input: Choose from dropdown menu to add Graduate, Undergraduate, or Part-time student. Applicable fields will be enabled. For any type of student First Name, Last Name, GPA, Status (Resident, Non-resident), Mentor. Additionally for Undergraduate - Level (Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, Senior), for Graduate - Thesis, Advisor, Thesis Title. for Part-time - Company.
Output: Record updated and confirmation dialog displayed.


Requirement number 3:
Title: Add Student

Description: Student Admin selects New Student Criteria, and then a new student record is created in the database.


Input: Choose from dropdown menu to add Graduate, Undergraduate, or Part-time student. Applicable fields will be enabled. For any type of student First Name, Last Name, GPA, Status (Resident, Non-resident), Mentor. Additionally for Undergraduate - Level (Freshman, Sophomore, Junior, Senior), for Graduate - Thesis, Advisor, Thesis Title. for Part-time - Company.
Output:New Record created in the database and ID field displays new student ID, additionally an info dialog shows confirming new record creation with its ID.


